Blog update 0.63 (#231)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: website/blog/2020-08-31-63updates.md

Check out the updated Getting Started guides for [Windows](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/getting-started) and [macOS](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/rnm-getting-started) to try out to new features for yourself!

# Developer Experience Improvements
With the new 0.63 version we'll be taking advantage of a few really great improvements to the developer experience that were added by the React Native core team.

## LogBox

![logbox-windows](assets/logbox_demo.gif)

LogBox is now on by default for React Native apps on Windows! This is a huge step forward in addressing some of the pain points experienced by developers when trying to debug their apps.

With this new update you can now more clearly read errors in a concise, formatted, and actionable layout that's easy on the eyes and the mind - a win-win!

Check out the [official blog post](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2020/07/06/version-0.63#logbox) for more information around this feature.

## Autolinking

![platformcolor-windows](assets/autolinking-windows.png)

Sometimes it really is the little things that make a huge difference and in this case Autolinking is no exception!

> Now when you install new modules and build your app we will automatically hook-up all those necessary native platform-specific code pieces for you in Windows. This will save you time and (possibly) a headache, if C++ isn't your strong suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when you install new modules and build your app we will automatically hook-up all those necessary native platform-specific code pieces for you in Windows. This will save you time and (possibly) a headache, if C++ isn't your strong suit.
```

We've also provided some new documentation around how to use [Autolinking with Native Modules](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/native-modules-autolinking) in Windows.

# PlatformColor

![platformcolor-windows](assets/platformcolor_demo.gif)

> PlatformColor is a new API React Native core introduced that gives React Native app components the ability to leverage native system colors - meaning you can now subscribe to certain colors or brushes in your `StyleSheet` that respond to native platform actions like theme switching, user accent colors, or high contrast changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PlatformColor` is a new API React Native core introduced that gives React Native app components the ability to leverage native system colors - meaning you can now subscribe to certain colors or brushes in your `StyleSheet` that respond to native platform actions like theme switching, user accent colors, or high contrast changes.
```

Head over the [official blog post](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2020/07/06/version-0.63#native-colors-platformcolor-dynamiccolorios) about this API to learn more about accessing native colors across all platforms, or check out our [new page on PlatformColor](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/windowsbrush-and-theme) to learn how to take advantage of Windows-specific colors and materials in your app.

> 

Author: added a note at the end of the platform color section.

# Pressable

[Pressable](https://reactnative.dev/docs/pressable) is now available on React Native for Windows apps as well. This new core API helps make customizing your interaction experiences more robust and easier to fit around your custom components and scenario needs.

# Community Modules

As with every big release, we're still working hard on getting important community modules supported on Windows.

Come check out what we've enabled for you this release!

## ReactNavigation

> ![reactnavigation-rnwindows](assets/react-navigation-rnw.gif)

Author: I couldn't find any mention of animations in it and figured the "sliding between screens" effect was iOS-specific. Do you know what the prop name was? I can look it up.

> ![reactnavigation-rnwindows](assets/react-navigation-rnw.gif)

Author: Updated to look smoother/nicer.

The most well-used and much needed [react-navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation/tree/main/packages/native) now has full support on Windows. Navigate between screens with native ease and preserve your stack history in this amazing community module.

> ## CheckBox

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## react-native-checkbox

```

# The Hermes Engine

<img width="300" height="300" style="float: none; margin: -30px 4px 0;" src="https://reactnative.dev/docs/assets/HermesLogo.svg">

[The Hermes Engine](https://hermesengine.dev/) is an open-source JavaScript engine that's been built to optimize the performance of React Native apps. It's currently opt-in for Android and macOS and we're in the process of bringing it to React Native Windows as well.

If you'd like to experiment with it in your Windows or macOS React Native apps, [head over to our guidance page](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/hermes) to learn more about it.

# What We've Been Doing

Saying that working from home has taken some getting used to would be an understatement - it's been an incredible, eye-opening, stressful, and amazing adventure so far, obviously for many reasons both within and outside of work.

However, that hasn't stopped us from trying to stay connected (virtually) with the passionate and awesome community that is React Native and cross-platform developers.

Check out some of the events we've done and will be doing:

## React Wednesdays with digitalprimates

> In mid August we connected with connected with the folks over at [CodeItLive](https://www.twitch.tv/codeitlive) to talk about React Native on Windows and macOS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In mid August we connected with the folks over at [CodeItLive](https://www.twitch.tv/codeitlive) to talk about React Native on Windows and macOS:

```

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wk-Id0fgqE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## React EU

> Looking a bit forward, check out the React Native EU conference hosted by Callstack, where our very own Steven Moyes will be presenting about React Native for Desktops and Dual Screens.

Reviewer 2: Suggest linking to Steven's twitter handle?

Author: Steven added his handle!

---

> title: "Windows & macOS version updates, Hermes, and more"

Reviewer 3: Should this explicitly say which version we're updating to? I know it's in the description, but it might be worthwhile calling out directly in the title.

Author: added 0.63 to the title

author: Kiki Saintonge, Harini Kannan, Steven Moyes
authorURL: https://twitter.com/ReactNativeMSFT
description: "React Native for Windows is now on a 0.63 stable release with React Native core, lighting up some fun new APIs"
is_blog: true
published_date: August 31, 2020
---

> React Native for Windows is now on a [0.63]() stable release with React Native core, lighting up some fun new APIs.

Reviewer 3: Where should this link point?

Author: Ah! good catch, this should just be pointing to the npm package.

Author: fixed!

<!--truncate-->

Both React Native for Windows and macOS have been bumped up a version - to 0.63 for Windows and 0.62 for macOS!

This means Windows is once again up-to-date with React Native core and following this new release we're lighting up a lot of new APIs and dev experiences that make developing on Windows using React Native that much better.

Check out the updated Getting Started guides for [Windows](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/getting-started) and [macOS](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/rnm-getting-started) to try out the new features for yourself!

# Developer Experience Improvements

> With the new 0.63 version we'll be taking advantage of a few really great improvements to the developer experience that were added by the React Native core team.

Reviewer 3: This wording seems a little strange to me. What about this?

```suggestion
React Native Windows version 0.63 takes advantage of a few really great developer experience improvements that were added to the core React Native platform.

```

`PlatformColor` is a new API React Native core introduced that gives React Native app components the ability to leverage native system colors - meaning you can now subscribe to certain colors or brushes in your `StyleSheet` that respond to native platform actions like theme switching, user accent colors, or high contrast changes.

Head over to the [official blog post](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2020/07/06/version-0.63#native-colors-platformcolor-dynamiccolorios) about this API to learn more about accessing native colors across all platforms, or check out our [new guidance documentation on PlatformColor](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/windowsbrush-and-theme) to learn how to take advantage of Windows-specific colors and materials in your app.

> Since the release of this API, the older Windows `AppTheme` API will be deprecated in favor of `PlatformColor`.

# Pressable

[Pressable](https://reactnative.dev/docs/pressable) is now available on React Native for Windows apps as well. This new core API helps make customizing your interaction experiences more robust and easier to fit around your custom components and scenario needs.

# Community Modules

> As with every big release, we're still working hard on getting important community modules supported on Windows.

Reviewer 3: I've been trying to update my vernacular to swap "supported" with "implemented" to help ensure we're sending an accurate message. 

```suggestion
As with every big release, we're still working hard at adding Windows implementations to important community modules.

```

If you'd like to experiment with it in your Windows or macOS React Native apps, [head over to our guidance page](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/hermes) to learn more about it.

# What We've Been Doing

Saying that working from home has taken some getting used to would be an understatement - it's been an incredible, eye-opening, stressful, and amazing adventure so far, obviously for many reasons both within and outside of work.

However, that hasn't stopped us from trying to stay connected (virtually) with the passionate and awesome community that is React Native and cross-platform developers.

Check out some of the events we've done and will be doing:

## React Wednesdays with digitalprimates

In mid August we connected with the folks over at [CodeItLive](https://www.twitch.tv/codeitlive) to talk about React Native on Windows and macOS:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wk-Id0fgqE" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ## React EU

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## [React Native EU Virtual Edition](https://www.react-native.eu/)

```

> Looking a bit forward, check out the React Native EU conference hosted by Callstack, where our very own Steven Moyes will be presenting about React Native for Desktops and Dual Screens.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Looking a bit forward, check out the React Native EU conference hosted by Callstack, where our very own [Steven Moyes](https://twitter.com/moyessa) will be presenting about React Native for Desktops and Dual Screens.

```
